add userInput (#882)
oceanprotocol/docs: content/concepts/did-ddo.md

  ]
}
```
 
#### Consumer Parameters

> Sometimes, you may need some input before consuming a dataset or running an algorithm.

Reviewer: We do not use "consuming" anymore as no normal person speaks like that. Please use "download" or "accessing"

Examples:

> - You want to know the desired sampling interval of data in your dataset, before the user is going to download it. Your dataset URL is 'www.example.com/mydata'. So you will define a field called "sampling", ask the user to enter a value and then this parameter is going to be added to the URL of your dataset (so the actual url will become 'www.example.com/mydata?sampling=10'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You want to know the desired sampling interval of data in your dataset, before the user is going to download it. Your dataset URL is `https://example.com/mydata`. So you will define a field called `sampling`, ask the user to enter a value and then this parameter is going to be added to the URL of your dataset as query parameters: `https://example.com/mydata?sampling=10`
```

> - Before running an algorithm, you need to know how many iterations should the algo perform.  You are going to define a field called 'iterations', ask the user to enter a value and this parameter is stored in a specific location in your C2D pod, so algo can read it and use that value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Before running an algorithm, you need to know how many iterations should it perform. You define a field called `iterations`, ask the user to enter a value and this parameter is stored in a specific location in your Computer-to-Data pod for the algorithm to read and use that value.
```

> Object consists of an array , in which each element defines a user required field.

Reviewer: > Object consists of an array

Text and example don't match then, there's only an object of key/value items, and an array of objects.

An element looks like:

```json
   {

>         "name":"surname",

Reviewer 2: it's trivial but i don't think the surname/Name example is good here (for me  it was confusing for a moment) . I think it would be better to use on of the fields from the examples above (iterations/sampling)

  - required = if this field is mandatory to have a user input.
  - default  = default value
  - description = description of this element
  - options = for select types, a list of options

Example:

```json
[
   {
       "name":"surname",
        "type": "text",
        "label": "Name",
        "required": true,
        "default": "NoName"
       "description":"Please fill your name"
    },
   {
       "name":"age",
        "type": "number",
        "label": "Age",
        "required": false,
        "default": 0
        "description":"Please fill your age"
    },
   {
       "name":"developer",
        "type": "boolean",
        "label": "Developer",
        "required": false,
        "default": false
        "description":"Are you a developer?"
    },
    {
       "name":"preference",
        "type": "select",
        "label": "Date",
        "required": false,
        "default": "nodejs"
        "options": [
             {
                    "nodejs" : "I love NodeJs"
             }, 
             {
                  "python" : "I love Python"
             }
        ],
        "description": "Do you like NodeJs or Python"
    },
]
```

> Algorithms will have access to a json file located at /data/inputs/algoCustomData.json, which contains the keys/values for input data required.  Example:

Reviewer 2: i don't really understand this.

Author: this will be also documented in C2D docs.  It's about from where the algorithm can read those values.
